# Marooned-Project-1-
Repository for Project 1

Hello, and welcome to Marooned!

You and a fellow player have been dropped off on a forsaken island in the middle of the ocean. You must build a ship to sail away. But first, you must collect supplies!

TURNS:

1) Players take turns by rolling a dice (1-6).

2) Player A moves using the arrow keys; Player B moves using keys W(up), S(down), A(left), D(right).

2) Players may only move the number of spaces generated by the dice . Attempting to move onto water without will result in loss of 1 move! Additionally, your character will not move.


HOW TO PLAY:

  1) Marooned is divided into land and water sections.

  2) Coins icons are located in water; wood icons are located on land. Players may only travel on water once they have built a raft (Collect Wood icons x 2).

  3) To win, players must reach a trading post with 2 Coin icons, with which they may trade for a sail cloth to finish building their boat, and sail away from the island!

Press the reset button at any time to restart the game and rearrange the icons.

LINK TO THE GAME: http://morganplin.github.io/Marooned-Project-1-/

Good luck!
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

#TRELLO LINK

https://trello.com/b/hkql75vE/marooned-project-1
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

#PROCESS

After working out some user stories on Trello, I decided to graph the board grid using a table. To get the tile to "speak" to the sprites, I set an interval for the position of each space on the square, and checked whether the sprite was positioned within this interval. 

To "grab" items, DOM manipulation was used. I simply changed the 

To randomize items, I randomly selected coin or wood icons in a specified array. 

To restrict the player's movements, I created a function which looped through water tiles and check whether the sprite was on them. Some challenges I ran into included checking IDs in loops. Separate classes were applied for land and water; however, I had assigned a class to the randomized coin and wood icons A bug I need to work on is 

In progress: I am currently working on a rules sheet to be displayed on the page menu. 



